Raises Special Defense of an ally.
Always goes first. Lowers the target's attack.
The Pokémon congratulates you on your special day. No battle effect.
Lowers opponent's Special Attack.
Protects the Pokémon from status moves.
Sharply lowers opponent's Special Attack.
Prevents all Pokémon from falling asleep for 5 turns.
Changes the target's move to Electric type.
Prevents fleeing in the next turn.
Sharply raises Defense of all Grass-type Pokémon on the field.
Adds Grass type to opponent.
Charges on first turn, sharply raises user's Sp. Attack, Sp. Defense and Speed on the second.
Restores a little HP of all Pokémon for 5 turns.
Doubles prize money from trainer battles.
Makes the user and an ally very happy.
Changes Normal-type moves to Electric-type.
Protects the user and lowers opponent's Attack on contact.
Raises Defense and Sp. Defense of Plus/Minus Pokémon.
Protects teammates from damaging moves.
Protects the field from status conditions for 5 turns.
Lowers opponent's Attack and Special Attack.
Lowers opponent's Attack and Special Attack then switches out.
Lowers opponent's Attack. Always hits.
Damages Pokémon using Fire type moves.
Raises Attack and Special Attack of Grass-types.
Protects the user and inflicts damage on contact.
Lowers opponent's Speed when switching into battle.
Reverses stat changes of opponent.
Adds Ghost type to opponent.
Lowers poisoned opponent's Special Attack and Speed.
Halves damage from Physical and Special attacks for five turns.
Protects the user and poisons opponent on contact.
Eevee-exclusive Z-Move. Sharply raises all stats.
The user restores the target's HP by up to half of its max HP. It restores more HP when the terrain is grass.
The user engages its gears to raise the Attack and Sp. Atk stats of ally Pokémon with the Plus or Minus Ability.
Allows an ally to use a move instead.
User's next attack is guaranteed to result in a critical hit.
Prevents priority moves from being used for 5 turns.
The user heals the target's status condition. If the move succeeds, it also restores the user's own HP.
The user regains up to half of its max HP. It restores more HP in a sandstorm.
The user exchanges Speed stats with the target.
The user shines a spotlight on the target so that only the target will be attacked during the turn.
The user restores its HP by the same amount as the target's Attack stat. It also lowers the target's Attack stat.
The user gets teary eyed to make the target lose its combative spirit. This lowers the target's Attack and Sp. Atk stats.
Poisons opponent and lowers its Speed.
Sharply raises user's Defense.
Sharply raises user's Speed.
Sharply raises user's Special Defense.
Sharply raises user's Defense.
Confuses opponent.
Changes user's type to that of its first move.
Raises user's Defense.
Opponent can't use its last attack for a few turns.
Raises user's Evasiveness.
Lowers opponent's Accuracy.
Increases critical hit ratio.
Paralyzes opponent.
Lowers opponent's Attack.
Raises user's Attack and Special Attack.
Raises user's Defense.
Resets all stat changes.
Puts opponent to sleep.
Lowers opponent's Accuracy.
Drains HP from opponent each turn.
Lowers opponent's Defense.
Halves damage from Special attacks for 5 turns.
Puts opponent to sleep.
Raises user's Attack.
User performs almost any move in the game at random.
Copies the opponent's last move.
Sharply raises user's Evasiveness.
User performs the opponent's last move.
User's stats cannot be changed for a period of time.
Poisons opponent.
Poisons opponent.
User recovers half its max HP.
Halves damage from Physical attacks for 5 turns.
User sleeps for 2 turns, but user is fully healed.
In battles, the opponent switches. In the wild, the Pokémon runs.
Lowers opponent's Accuracy.
Sharply lowers opponent's Defense.
Raises user's Attack.
Puts opponent to sleep.
Puts opponent to sleep.
Lowers opponent's Accuracy.
User recovers half its max HP.
Doesn't do ANYTHING.
Puts opponent to sleep.
Sharply lowers opponent's Speed.
Paralyzes opponent.
Uses HP to creates a decoy that takes hits.
Confuses opponent.
Sharply raises user's Attack.
Lowers opponent's Defense.
Allows user to flee wild battles; also warps player to last PokéCenter.
Paralyzes opponent.
Badly poisons opponent.
User takes on the form and attacks of the opponent.
In battles, the opponent switches. In the wild, the Pokémon runs.
Raises user's Defense.
If opponent is the opposite gender, it's less likely to attack.
User switches out and gives stat changes to the incoming Pokémon.
User loses 50% of its max HP, but Attack raises to maximum.
Sharply lowers opponent's Attack.
User changes type to become resistant to opponent's last move.
Sharply lowers opponent's Speed.
Ghosts lose 50% of max HP and curse the opponent; Non-Ghosts raise Attack, Defense and lower Speed.
If the user faints, the opponent also faints.
Protects the user, but may fail if used consecutively.
Forces opponent to keep using its last move for 3 turns.
Always left with at least 1 HP, but may fail if used consecutively.
Resets opponent's Evasiveness, and allows Normal- and Fighting-type attacks to hit Ghosts.
Heals the user's party's status conditions.
User's next attack is guaranteed to hit.
Opponent cannot flee or switch.
User recovers half its max HP.
User's next attack is guaranteed to hit.
User recovers HP. Amount varies with the weather.
User recovers HP. Amount varies with the weather.
The sleeping opponent loses 25% of its max HP each turn.
The user's and opponent's HP becomes the average of both.
Any Pokémon in play when this attack is used faints in 3 turns.
Protects the user, but may fail if used consecutively.
Copies the opponent's stat changes.
Makes it rain for 5 turns.
The user's party is protected from status conditions.
Creates a sandstorm for 5 turns.
Sharply lowers opponent's Speed.
Permanently copies the opponent's last move.
User performs one of its own moves while sleeping.
Opponent cannot escape/switch.
Damages opponents switching into battle.
The opponent's last move loses 2-5 PP.
Makes it sunny for 5 turns.
Confuses opponent, but sharply raises its Attack.
Confuses opponent.
Lowers opponent's Evasiveness.
User recovers HP. Amount varies with the weather.
Cures all status problems in your party.
User performs a move known by its allies at random.
Opponent cannot flee or switch.
Raises user's Attack and Defense.
Raises user's Special Attack and Special Defense.
Changes user's type according to the location.
Raises user's Special Defense and next Electric move's power increases.
Raises user's Defense and Special Defense.
Raises user's Attack and Speed.
Sharply lowers opponent's Special Defense.
Sharply lowers opponent's Attack.
Confuses opponent, but raises its Special Attack.
In Double Battle, the user takes all the attacks.
Puts opponent to sleep.
If the users faints after using this move, the PP for the opponent's last move is depleted.
Non-Ice types are damaged for 5 turns.
In Double Battles, boosts the power of the partner's move.
Raises Attack of allies.
Opponent is unable to use moves that the user also knows.
User restores HP each turn. User cannot escape/switch.
Sharply raises user's Defense.
Reflects moves that cause status conditions back to the attacker.
User faints, sharply lowers opponent's Attack and Special Attack.
Sharply lowers opponent's Special Defense.
Weakens the power of Electric-type moves.
Uses a certain move based on the current terrain.
Resets opponent's Evasiveness, and allows Normal- and Fighting-type attacks to hit Ghosts.
User's used hold item is restored.
Cures paralysis, poison, and burns.
User copies the opponent's Ability.
The user swaps Abilities with the opponent.
User recovers half its max HP.
Steals the effects of the opponent's next move.
Stores energy for use with Spit Up and Swallow.
The more times the user has performed Stockpile, the more HP is recovered.
Drastically raises user's Special Attack.
Opponent can only use moves that attack.
Confuses all Pokémon.
Lowers opponent's Attack and Defense.
Opponent cannot use the same move in a row.
Swaps held items with the opponent.
Weakens the power of Fire-type moves.
Burns opponent.
The user recovers HP in the following turn.
Puts opponent to sleep in the next turn.
Sharply raises a random stat.
Restores a little HP each turn.
Sharply lowers opponent's Special Attack if opposite gender.
Copies opponent's last move.
Puts all adjacent opponents to sleep.
Raises user's Defense and Special Defense.
Lowers opponent's Evasiveness and clears fog.
Opponent cannot use items.
Cancels out the effect of the opponent's Ability.
Prevents moves like Fly and Bounce and the Ability Levitate for 5 turns.
User and opponent swap Defense and Special Defense.
Prevents the opponent from restoring HP for 5 turns.
User recovers half its max HP.
The user faints and the next Pokémon released is fully healed.
Stat changes are swapped with the opponent.
Opponent cannot land critical hits for 5 turns.
The user faints but the next Pokémon released is fully healed.
User becomes immune to Ground-type moves for 5 turns.
User copies the opponent's attack with 1.5× power.
Resets opponent's Evasiveness, removes Dark's Psychic immunity.
Sharply raises user's Special Attack.
User and opponent swap Attack and Special Attack.
User's own Attack and Defense switch.
Transfers user's status condition to the opponent.
Sharply raises user's Speed.
User recovers half of its max HP and loses the Flying type temporarily.
Damages opponents switching into battle.
Swaps held items with the opponent.
Doubles Speed for 4 turns.
Poisons opponents switching into battle.
Slower Pokémon move first in the turn for 5 turns.
Changes the opponent's Ability to Insomnia.
Raises all user's stats but loses HP.
Boosts Attack and Defense of a teammate.
Removes opponent's items.
Swaps the effects on either side of the field.
Sharply raises target's Attack and Special Attack.
Restores team's HP and cures status conditions.
User and teammates recover HP.
Heals user's status conditions and recovers HP.
Changes target's type to Psychic.
Raises all stats but user cannot switch out.
Protects the user and sharply lowers Defence on contact.
Lowers opponent's Defense and Special Defense every turn, and they cannot flee or switch out.
Switches Attack and Defense stats.
Raises user's Defense.
The user eats its held Berry, then sharply raises its Defense stat.
Heals user's status conditions and raises its stats.
Lowers the opponent's Speed and makes them weaker to Fire-type moves.
Forces all Pokémon on the field to eat their berries.
Raises Attack and Defense.

Switches out and summons a snowstorm lasting 5 turns.
Changes the abilities of the user and its teammates to that of the target.

Lowers HP but sharply boosts Attack, Special Attack, and Speed.
Revives a fainted party Pokémon to half HP.
Creates a substitute, then swaps places with a party Pokémon in waiting.
Protects the user and lowers opponent's Speed on contact.
Raises Defense of Ice types for 5 turns.
Harshly lowers the opponent's Defense and sharply raises their Attack.
Removes the effects of entry hazards and Substitute, and boosts user’s Attack and Speed.
Gives target priority in the next turn.
User switches with opposite teammate.
Reduces weight and sharply raises Speed.
Gives the user's held item to the target.
Raises user's Attack, Defense and Accuracy.
Drastically raises user's Defense.
Makes target's ability same as user's.
Averages Defense and Special Defense with the target.
Restores half the target's max HP.
Raises user's Attack and Accuracy.
Suppresses the effects of held items for five turns.
Averages Attack and Special Attack with the target.
Makes the target act last this turn.
Protects the user's team from high-priority moves.
Raises user's Special Attack, Special Defense and Speed.
Forces attacks to hit user, not team-mates.
User becomes the target's type.
Sharply raises user's Attack, Special Attack and Speed but lowers Defense and Special Defense.
Raises user's Attack and sharply raises Speed.
Changes target's ability to Simple.
Changes the target's type to water.
Ignores opponent's Evasiveness for three turns, add Ground immunity.
Protects the user's team from multi-target attacks.
Swaps every Pokémon's Defense and Special Defense for 5 turns.
Raises user's Attack and Special Attack.
